{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;}
\f0\fs28\b WatchPAT ONE Landing Page – Design Summary\par
\fs22\b0 Shopify Plus – Dawn 2.4 Theme\par
\par
\b Purpose\par
\b0 This document summarizes the Figma landing page (desktop and mobile) so it can be shared with designers, developers, and stakeholders, and implemented on Shopify (Dawn 2.4).\par
\par
\b Platform and Theme\par
\b0 - Platform: Shopify Plus\par
- Theme: Dawn 2.4 (Online Store 2.0)\par
- Implementation: Custom landing page template or dynamic section using theme editor.\par
\par
\b Desktop Layout Overview\par
\b0 The desktop layout consists of vertically stacked sections with a full-width main container and centered content.\par
\par
1. \b Header / Navigation\par
\b0 - Brand logo on the left.\par
- Top utility bar with key links (e.g., "Contact", "Account", etc.).\par
- Primary navigation in a horizontal layout.\par
\par
2. \b Hero Section – “Start your home sleep test tonight.”\par
\b0 - Left/center: Large hero card featuring the WatchPAT ONE product and a patient image.\par
- Headline text emphasizing home sleep test.\par
- Short supporting subheading.\par
- Primary call-to-action (CTA) button (e.g., “Get started” / “Start my test tonight”).\par
- Background is mostly white, with brand accent colors used for buttons and labels.\par
\par
3. \b “Get Ready in 4 Easy Steps” Section\par
\b0 - Section title centered above.\par
- Four steps laid out horizontally in cards.\par
- Each step has:\par
  - Thumbnail image.\par
  - Step label (Step 1, Step 2, etc.).\par
  - Short descriptive text.\par
- Brand accent color (purple) used for step labels or dividers.\par
\par
4. \b “Your Sleep Study Questions Answered” Section\par
\b0 - Left side: Lifestyle/product image.\par
- Right side: Text content including:\par
  - Section heading.\par
  - Short paragraph explaining support and clarity for patients.\par
  - Bulleted or checklist items (e.g., what is included, how support works).\par
- Supporting secondary CTA button.\par
\par
5. \b “What to Expect?” Section\par
\b0 - Right or left column: Provider image (doctor/nurse).\par
- Opposite column: Text with heading and bullet points outlining expectations.\par
- Includes a rounded or circular photo treatment and light background panel.\par
\par
6. \b FAQ Section\par
\b0 - Heading: “FAQs”.\par
- Accordion-style list of common questions.\par
- Each FAQ row shows the question; clicking reveals the answer below.\par
- Clean, minimal styling with divider lines between rows.\par
\par
7. \b Reviews / Testimonials Section\par
\b0 - 3–4 review cards arranged in a row.\par
- Each card typically includes:\par
  - Star rating.\par
  - Short testimonial text.\par
  - Customer name or initials.\par
- Light background panels with subtle borders.\par
\par
8. \b “Subscribe & Save up to 20%” Section\par
\b0 - Prominent purple background band near the bottom.\par
- Large heading: “Subscribe & Save up to 20%”.\par
- Short supporting text.\par
- Email input field and subscribe button.\par
- White card or pill-style input contrasting with the purple background.\par
\par
9. \b Footer\par
\b0 - Dark purple background.\par
- Multi-column footer with:\par
  - Product links.\par
  - Company links.\par
  - Support links.\par
  - Social icons.\par
- Bottom-most region with legal text and payment/credential icons.\par
\par
\b Mobile Layout Overview\par
\b0 The mobile layout preserves the same content but stacks sections vertically in a single column for small screens.\par
\par
1. \b Mobile Header / Navigation\par
\b0 - Compact header with logo centered or left.\par
- Hamburger menu icon for navigation.\par
\par
2. \b Mobile Hero\par
\b0 - Hero content stacked:\par
  - Headline and subheading.\par
  - Hero image/card.\par
  - Primary CTA button spanning most of the width.\par
\par
3. \b “Get Ready in 4 Easy Steps” (Stacked)\par
\b0 - Section title.\par
- Steps displayed as vertical cards:\par
  - Each card shows the image, step label, and description.\par
- Visual step indicators may be numbered or use icons.\par
\par
4. \b “Your Sleep Study Questions Answered”\par
\b0 - Image and text stacked vertically.\par
- Image typically appears first, followed by heading, paragraph, checklist, and button.\par
\par
5. \b “What to Expect?”\par
\b0 - Provider photo displayed above or below the text block.\par
- Bullet list remains clearly readable with good line spacing.\par
\par
6. \b Mobile FAQ\par
\b0 - FAQ heading.\par
- Accordion list adapted to full-width.\par
- Tap targets are large enough for touch.\par
\par
7. \b Mobile Reviews\par
\b0 - Review cards displayed in a scrollable vertical list or as horizontal cards stacked one per row.\par
\par
8. \b Mobile “Subscribe & Save”\par
\b0 - Purple band remains full-width.\par
- Heading, supporting text, and email input stacked.\par
- Button is large and spans most of the width.\par
\par
9. \b Mobile Footer\par
\b0 - Same footer content stacked into a single column.\par
- Links grouped into collapsible menus or simple lists.\par
\par
\b Notes for Implementation on Shopify (Dawn 2.4)\par
\b0 - Implement as a custom page template (e.g., "page.watchpat-one.liquid") or as a collection of reusable sections.\par
- Use Online Store 2.0 JSON templates to make text, images, and FAQs editable from the theme editor.\par
- Map each visual section above to a theme section (hero, steps, content-with-image, FAQ, testimonials, subscribe, footer).\par
- Ensure all CTAs are configured to link to the correct product, cart, or form endpoints.\par
\par
End of document.\par
}

